<tooltip title="D-TACQ High Performance Simultaneous Data Acquisition">D-TACQ Solutions Ltd</tooltip> is a premier supplier of turnkey data acquisition products and services. <tooltip title="D-TACQ High Performance Simultaneous Data Acquisition">D-TACQ</tooltip> specialises in high quality simultaneous digitisers, featuring high channel count, deep capture memory and open standard interfaces.

Formed in 1999, we were initially active in supplying networked transient recorders based on ACQ32PCI to diagnostic applications in Plasma Fusion research. Since then we have supplied many hundreds of channels for high speed diagnostic experiments to research installations around the world, where our products' high channel density, simultaneous capture capability, Open Source software platform and value for money is appreciated. Plasma Fusion diagnostics are still a major market for <tooltip title="D-TACQ High Performance Simultaneous Data Acquisition">D-TACQ</tooltip>, to which we've added support for innovative applications in Plasma Control and many other other market areas in research and test and measurement. The latest generation of products, capable of standalone networked operation, with further gains in channel density and reductions in cost per channel are opening up new market areas.

Our aim is to be involved at every stage of the problem solving process from initial conception through to system installation and integration. Here at	<tooltip title="D-TACQ High Performance Simultaneous Data Acquisition">D-TACQ</tooltip> we encourage a close relationship from the first contact, forming a working partnership that will ensure the system meets your entire requirement.

<tooltip title="D-TACQ High Performance Simultaneous Data Acquisition">D-TACQ</tooltip>'s acquisition systems are designed to interface with standard operating systems both in traditional backplane configurations and in a standalone networked solution. <tooltip title="D-TACQ High Performance Simultaneous Data Acquisition">D-TACQ</tooltip>'s systems feature our own high performance intelligent data acquisition cards, ensuring that the core acquisition technology meets the most stringent needs of the customer.

===
<tooltip title="D-TACQ High Performance Simultaneous Data Acquisition">D-TACQ</tooltip> manufactures products for CompactPCI <tooltip title="Compact PCI - industrial formfactor standard using pci electronics standards">CPCI</tooltip> and Vita 57 FMC formfactors.
